Zheng Shoucheng
How dare you break the tea handed by the head of the Qin family?
Do you want to die, Zheng Shoucheng?
You wronged my dad
He also threw the city of my Qin family on the ground
Do you take my Qin family seriously?
Patriarch Qin doesn't need to talk nonsense with him anymore
Just kill this kind of ungrateful thing
Chief Zhang, I see you Zhang Yan got carried away
Don't pay attention to the head of the Qin family at all
Fortunately, Daochang Sun left this floating paper behind
See how I crush you
Yes, put this madman down
Remove hatred for the Qin family letter
Suppress Zhang Shoucheng
I already saw that you are not pleasant to the eye
Don't touch the city
Just a few tricks
You can hide from mortals
Can you hide it from me?
Say I wronged you
Then I invite you to take a look
What is this?
Ah!
This is really martial arts
The city doesn't lie
What the hell is going on?
Could it be that the head of the Qin family really poisoned us without compensation?
That's not possible.
I have no enmity with you
How could it hurt you?
Hmph, I see that this person in front of me may not be the head of the Qin family
Brother Shoucheng
What did you say about the long guard city?
What nonsense are you talking about?
I came to this birthday party
Just to catch you all
The monster has not yet shown its true form
Ah!
Hahahahahahaha
You are indeed a fairy of the earth
I really can't fool you
It's not enough for you to hurt my names of a few junior sisters.
I can't recruit you today
Sorry someone hit a gun
Run to crime sleepy